Enhancements to autodoc/embedsignature (#5415)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/source_files_and_compilation.rst

    signature, which cannot otherwise be retrieved after
    compilation.  Default is False.

> ``embedsignature.pure`` (True / False)
>     If set to True, Cython will do a its best attempt to use
>     pure-Python type annotations in embedded signatures. If arguments
>     have explicit type annotations, these are preferred over C
>     types. Otherwise, C types are mapped to the closest Python type
>     equivalent (e.g., C ``short`` is mapped to Python ``int`` type and
>     C ``double`` is mapped to Python ``float`` type).  Default is False.
> 

Reviewer: I never considered having both a C type declaration and a Python type declaration for the same argument. Not sure if it's a good idea to allow (and even encourage) that. I can see in your test examples that it works (apparently), and I can see it being useful in order to disambiguate C type declarations. However, we're currently trying to discourage C type declarations in favour of type annotations in Python syntax, and this counters that.

```suggestion
``embedsignature.pure`` (True / False)
    If set to True, Cython will do its best attempt to use
    pure-Python type annotations in embedded signatures.  If arguments
    have explicit Python type annotations, these are preferred over C type
    declarations.  Otherwise, declared C types are mapped to the closest
    Python type equivalent (e.g., C ``short`` is mapped to Python ``int`` type
    and C ``double`` is mapped to Python ``float`` type). 
    Implies ``embedsignature=True``.  Default is False.

```

Author: Remember that "Python type declarations" are actually just annotations. 

If you want to reject arguments with both C types and annotations, you will make my life miserable, I'll have a lot of work to do in mpi4py to accomodate for that change, to the point that you would force me to remove all C types form arguments of `def` functions. 

Moreover, your call will prevent users for doing some very reasonable stuff, For example

```python
def foo(int arg: Annotated[int, MaxValueAllowed(42)]) -> Any:
    ...
```

    signature, which cannot otherwise be retrieved after
    compilation.  Default is False.

``embedsignature.format`` (``c`` / ``python`` / ``clinic``)
    If set to ``c``, Cython will generate signatures preserving
    C type declarations and Python type annotations. If set to

>     ``python``, Cython will do a its best attempt to use pure-Python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``python``, Cython will do a best attempt to use pure-Python
```

    type annotations in embedded signatures. For arguments without
    Python type annotations, the C type is mapped to the closest
    Python type equivalent (e.g., C ``short`` is mapped to Python
    ``int`` type and C ``double`` is mapped to Python ``float`` type).
    The specific output and type mapping are experimental and may
    change over time.  If set to ``clinic`` and the ``binding``
    directive is set to False, Cython will generate signatures
    compatible with CPython's Argument Clinic. Default is

>     ``c``.

Reviewer: So, what happens if `emberdignature.format=clinic` and `binding=True`?

Author: No signature is generated, because CythonFunction does not support the  `__text_signature__` descriptor like CPython's `builtin_function_or_method`.

How would you like to rephrase the documentation?

As I told you before, this `clinic` format is of little use in Cython 3.

Reviewer 3: > As I told you before, this `clinic` format is of little use in Cython 3.

Perhaps a stupid question, but why include it at all then?

Reviewer 2: Personally I'd say "The clinic format generates signatures that can be understood by CPython's argument clinic tool and used to generate the `__text_signature__` attribute.  This mainly useful when `binding=False`, since the functions generated with `binding=True` do not have a `__text_signature__` attribute."

I'm not sure I'd disable it when `binding=True` (even if it's a bit pointless there).

Author: "little use" does not mean "no use". Those that for whatever reason want to set `binding=False` may find the new option useful to get `__text_signature__` and then the `inspect` module to work closer to CPython builtin functions and methods.

    signature, which cannot otherwise be retrieved after
    compilation.  Default is False.

> ``embedsignature.format`` (``c`` / ``python`` / ``clinic``)

Author: @da-woods I reworded the documentation as  per your comments. Note however that the argument clinic tool does not generate signatures, instead, you have to write them by hand following the proper format.

    If set to ``c``, Cython will generate signatures preserving
    C type declarations and Python type annotations.
    If set to ``python``, Cython will do a best attempt to use
    pure-Python type annotations in embedded signatures. For arguments
    without Python type annotations, the C type is mapped to the
    closest Python type equivalent (e.g., C ``short`` is mapped to
    Python ``int`` type and C ``double`` is mapped to Python ``float``
    type).  The specific output and type mapping are experimental and
    may change over time.

>     The ``clinic`` format generates signatures that are compatible
>     with those used with the CPython's Argument Clinic tool. The
>     CPython runtime strips these signatures from docstrings and
>     translates them into a ``__text_signature__`` attribute. This is
>     mainly useful when using ``binding=False``, since the Cython
>     functions generated with ``binding=True`` do not have a
>     ``__text_signature__`` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``clinic`` format generates signatures that are compatible
    with those understood by CPython's Argument Clinic tool. The
    CPython runtime strips these signatures from docstrings and
    translates them into a ``__text_signature__`` attribute. This is
    mainly useful when using ``binding=False``, since the Cython
    functions generated with ``binding=True`` do not have (nor need)
    a ``__text_signature__`` attribute.
```
